Remove hessian required minimizers for scipy default #1114 (#1119)
fitbenchmarking/fitbenchmarking: docs/source/users/options/minimizer_option.rst

`proprietary product <https://www.mathworks.com/pricing-licensing.html>`__.
Horace is made available under the the `GPL-3 licence <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html>`__.

> .. code-block:: rst

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: rst

```
There should be a blank line here for the code-block to work

           trust-constr
           dogleg

.. note::

>    The Hessian enabled solvers are not run by default when `scipy` software is selected. In order to run this minimizer, you must explicitly
>    set it as above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The Hessian enabled solvers are not run by default when `scipy` software is selected. In order to run these minimizers, you must explicitly
   set them as above.
```
